
OpenAC backend modules are Perl packages implementing object methods
that OpenAC daemon expects to find and call in different phases of
data processing. Some methods are mandatory and backends cannot be
succesfully initiated without them. Others are optional and will
be used if present. Otherwise, OpenAC will provide the default
behavior.

Backend module must implement the following methods:

 register(mod_class_name)

    Called without parameters (except implied $self, of course),
    when module is first loaded.

    If backend requires configuration, register() should return a hashref
    to configuration template in Config::ContextSensitive format.

    If no configuration is neccessary, register() should return undef.


 instantiate(mod_class_name, mod_instance_conf_hashref)

    Called before OpenAC queues backend to be spawned as child process.

    This is actually a constructor method. It must return bless()-ed
    reference to itself. Although it is not required, it is recommended
    to bless() the hash reference to it's configuration received as
    input parameter.

    takes a hash reference to
    it's configuration backend configuration and bless()-es it into an object.

    It must return the reference to the backend object, or undef
    on failure.

 daemonize(self)

    Called immediately after spawning backend child processes.

    This is actually a constructor method. It takes a hash reference to
    the backend configuration and bless()-es it into an object.

    It must return the reference to the backend object, or undef
    on failure.

 run(self, api_base_objref)

   Called with api::base object reference as the only parameter (preceeded
   by implied $self) by the backend child process to act as the main run
   loop of the backend.

   This method should implement the core functionality of the backend.
   It should run in the loop, retrieving dataset rows from the load
   balancer by calling fetchrow() and processing them.

   when this method returns, backend child process ends and OpenAC daemon
   along with it.

 shutdown(self)

   Called without parameters (except implied $self) when OpenAC receives
   SIGTERM or SIGINT signal.

   This method should end the run loop when called.
